docs: documentation for the tech site (#148)
decentraland/catalyst-owner: docs/about.md

---
title: "About"
slug: "/contributor/catalyst/about"
---

> A [Catalyst](https://github.com/decentraland/catalyst) is a Server that bundles different Services required by the Decentraland World. Some of the main responsibilities of the server are to manage the decentralized storage for most of the content needed by the client and to orchestrate communications between peers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [Catalyst](https://github.com/decentraland/catalyst) is a Server that bundles different Services required by the Decentraland World. Some of the main responsibilities of the server are the management of the decentralized storage for most of the content needed by the client and the orchestration of communications between peers.
```
